AI Kit Product name change (#2013)
oneapi-src/oneAPI-samples: AI-and-Analytics/Getting-Started-Samples/README.md

> # Getting Started Samples for AI Tools

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Getting Started Samples for Intel AI Tools
```

> The AI Tools gives data scientists, AI developers, and researchers familiar Python* tools and frameworks to accelerate end-to-end data science and analytics pipelines on Intel® architectures. The components are built using oneAPI libraries for low-level compute optimizations. This toolkit maximizes performance from preprocessing through machine learning, and provides interoperability for efficient model development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Intel AI Tools give data scientists, AI developers, and researchers familiar Python* tools and frameworks to accelerate end-to-end data science and analytics pipelines on Intel® architectures. The components are built using oneAPI libraries for low-level compute optimizations. This toolkit maximizes performance from preprocessing through machine learning, and provides interoperability for efficient model development.
```

> | Compoment      | Folder                                             | Description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Component      | Folder                                             | Description
```

> | Compoment      | Folder                                             | Description

Reviewer 2: I have a request for changing this table structure. We need to map samples to Presets, so we can add a column for Preset on the left and then group samples by Preset.
We need this change because on AI Tools Selector page we provide a link to this README (Get Started samples folder README) instead of specific samples. So user may get lost when going here because the relation to Presets is not clear.

| --------- | ------------------------------------------------ | -

> | Intel® Neural Compressor | [INC-Sample-for-PyTorch](INC-Quantization-Sample-for-PyTorch)                     |perform INT8 quantization on a Hugging Face BERT model .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Intel® Neural Compressor | [INC-Sample-for-PyTorch](INC-Quantization-Sample-for-PyTorch)                     | Perform INT8 quantization on a Hugging Face BERT model.
```

| Intel® Neural Compressor | [INC-Sample-for-Tensorflow](INC-Sample-for-Tensorflow)                     |Quantize a fp32 model into int8 by Intel® Neural Compressor, and compare the performance between fp32 and int8 .
| oneAPI docker image | [IntelAIKitContainer_GettingStarted](IntelAIKitContainer_GettingStarted)         | configuration script to automatically configure the environment |
| Modin | [IntelModin_GettingStarted](IntelModin_GettingStarted)                     | Run Modin-accelerated Pandas functions and note the performance gain .
| Modin |[IntelModin_Vs_Pandas](IntelModin_Vs_Pandas)| compares the performance of Intel® Distribution of Modin* and the performance of Pandas

> | XGBoost | [IntelPython_XGBoost_GettingStarted](IntelPython_XGBoost_GettingStarted)                     | Set up and train an XGBoost* model on datasets for prediction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Intel® Optimization for XGBoost* | [IntelPython_XGBoost_GettingStarted](IntelPython_XGBoost_GettingStarted)                     | Set up and train an XGBoost* model on datasets for prediction.
```

Reviewer 3: @louie-tsai can you confirm what the right product name for this should be?

| daal4py | [IntelPython_daal4py_GettingStarted](IntelPython_daal4py_GettingStarted)                     | Batch linear regression using the python API package daal4py from oneAPI Data Analytics Library (oneDAL) .

> | TensorFlow | [IntelTensorFlow_GettingStarted](IntelTensorFlow_GettingStarted)               | A simple training example for TensorFlow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Intel® Optimization for TensorFlow* | [IntelTensorFlow_GettingStarted](IntelTensorFlow_GettingStarted)               | A simple training example for TensorFlow.
```

> |Intel® Extension of PyTorch | [IntelPyTorch_GettingStarted](Intel_Extension_For_PyTorch_GettingStarted) | A simple training example for Intel® Extension of PyTorch. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Intel® Optimization for PyTorch* | [IntelPyTorch_GettingStarted](Intel_Extension_For_PyTorch_GettingStarted) | A simple training example for Intel® Optimization for PyTorch*. |
```

Author: no change according to Navin

> | Intel® Optimization for TensorFlow* | [IntelTensorFlow_GettingStarted](IntelTensorFlow_GettingStarted)               | A simple training example for TensorFlow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Intel® Extension for TensorFlow* | [IntelTensorFlow_GettingStarted](IntelTensorFlow_GettingStarted)               | A simple training example for TensorFlow.
```

Author: no ITEX involved here

> | Scikit-learn (OneDAL) | [Intel_Extension_For_SKLearn_GettingStarted](Intel_Extension_For_SKLearn_GettingStarted) |speed up Scikit-learn application use oneDAL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Scikit-learn (OneDAL) | [Intel_Extension_For_SKLearn_GettingStarted](Intel_Extension_For_SKLearn_GettingStarted) | Speed up a scikit-learn application using Intel oneDAL.
```

> | Scikit-learn (OneDAL) | [Intel_Extension_For_SKLearn_GettingStarted](Intel_Extension_For_SKLearn_GettingStarted) |speed up Scikit-learn application use oneDAL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Scikit-learn (Intel oneDAL) | [Intel_Extension_For_SKLearn_GettingStarted](Intel_Extension_For_SKLearn_GettingStarted) |speed up Scikit-learn application use oneDAL
```

|oneAPI docker image | [IntelAIKitContainer_GettingStarted](IntelAIKitContainer_GettingStarted)         | configuration script to automatically configure the environment |

> |Intel® Extension of TensorFlow | [Intel® Extension For TensorFlow GettingStarted](Intel_Extension_For_TensorFlow_GettingStarted)         | guide users how to run a tensorflow inference workload on both GPU and CPU |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Intel® Optimization for TensorFlow* | [Intel® Extension For TensorFlow GettingStarted](Intel_Extension_For_TensorFlow_GettingStarted)         | Run a TensorFlow* inference workload on both GPU and CPU. |
```

Author: Do we need to change IPEX product name to Intel Optimization for TensorFlow in 2024.0 release?

Author: no change according to Navin

|oneCCL Bindings for PyTorch | [Intel oneCCL Bindings For PyTorch GettingStarted](Intel_oneCCL_Bindings_For_PyTorch_GettingStarted)         | guides users through the process of running a simple PyTorch* distributed workload on both GPU and CPU |

> 

Reviewer 2: At the end of the file we need to insert:
*Other names and brands may be claimed as the property of others. [Trademarks](http://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/legal/trademarks.html)

This request is relevant for any README file where we use asterisks
